Commands reference page mv2 cleanup (#6399)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/reference/commands/index.md

### Action commands

> The `_execute_action` (Manifest V3), `_execute_browser_action` (Manifest V2), and

Reviewer: Given this is the API reference (which doesn't have an MV2 variant), I think we should actually keep both for now?

> it does not dispatch [`command.onCommand`][event-oncommand] events like standard commands.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
it does not dispatch [`command.onCommand`][event-oncommand] events as do standard commands.
```

Reviewer 2: The distinction between 'like' and 'as' is one that rarely causes comprehension difficulties. In this particular case, I think it might for non-native readers.

```

```js

> // service-worker.js

Reviewer 3: Can we convert this comment to a [label](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/handbook/components/#labels)? Also for the manifest file?

```

```js

> // service-worker.js

Reviewer 3: Can we convert this comment to a [label](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/handbook/components/#labels)?

{% endAside %}

```js

> // service-worker.js

Reviewer 3: Can we convert this comment to a [label](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/handbook/components/#labels)?
